.nh
.TH Zero(1) zero User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
zero-toyblc - Launch a zero toy blockchain node


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBzero-toyblc\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The toy blc is used to start a naive and simple blockchain node.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB--address\fP="0x210d9eD12CEA87E33a98AA7Bcb4359eABA9e800e"
	Wallet account to receive the block rewards.

.PP
\fB-c\fP, \fB--config\fP=""
	Read configuration from specified \fB\fCFILE\fR, support JSON, TOML, YAML, HCL, or Java properties formats.

.PP
\fB--http.addr\fP="0.0.0.0:8443"
	Specify the HTTP server bind address and port.

.PP
\fB--http.network\fP="tcp"
	Specify the network for the HTTP server.

.PP
\fB--http.timeout\fP=30s
	Timeout for server connections.

.PP
\fB--log.disable-caller\fP=false
	Disable output of caller information in the log.

.PP
\fB--log.disable-stacktrace\fP=false
	Disable the log to record a stack trace for all messages at or above panic level.

.PP
\fB--log.enable-color\fP=false
	Enable output ansi colors in plain format logs.

.PP
\fB--log.format\fP="console"
	Log output \fB\fCFORMAT\fR, support plain or json format.

.PP
\fB--log.level\fP="info"
	Minimum log output \fB\fCLEVEL\fR\&.

.PP
\fB--log.output-paths\fP=[stdout]
	Output paths of log.

.PP
\fB--min-mine-interval\fP=2h0m0s
	Specify the minimum mining interval.

.PP
\fB--miner\fP=false
	Turn on mining mode.

.PP
\fB--mining-difficulty\fP=1
	Specify the mining difficulty.

.PP
\fB--p2p-addr\fP="0.0.0.0:6001"
	The p2p server address.

.PP
\fB--peers\fP=[ws://localhost:6001]
	The initial peers.

.PP
\fB--version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the superproj source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
