.nh
.TH Zero(1) zero User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
zero-controller-manager -


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBzero-controller-manager\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The zero controller manager is a daemon that embeds
the core control loops. In applications of robotics and
automation, a control loop is a non-terminating loop that regulates the state of
the system. In Zero , a controller is a control loop that watches the shared
state of the miner through the zero-apiserver and makes changes attempting to move the
current state towards the desired state.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB--bind-address\fP=0.0.0.0
	The IP address for the proxy server to serve on (set to '0.0.0.0' for all IPv4 interfaces and '::' for all   IPv6 interfaces). This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified by --config.

.PP
\fB--concurrent-gc-syncs\fP=20
	The number of garbage collector workers that are allowed to sync concurrently.This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified by --config.

.PP
\fB--config\fP=""
	The path to the configuration file.

.PP
\fB--enable-garbage-collector\fP=true
	Enables the generic garbage collector. MUST be synced with the corresponding flag of the kube-apiserver. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified by --config.

.PP
\fB--feature-gates\fP=
	A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
APIListChunking=true|false (BETA - default=true)
APIPriorityAndFairness=true|false (BETA - default=true)
APIResponseCompression=true|false (BETA - default=true)
APISelfSubjectReview=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
APIServerIdentity=true|false (BETA - default=true)
APIServerTracing=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
AggregatedDiscoveryEndpoint=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
AllBeta=true|false (BETA - default=false)
AnyVolumeDataSource=true|false (BETA - default=true)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CPUManagerPolicyAlphaOptions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CPUManagerPolicyBetaOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CPUManagerPolicyOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CSIMigrationPortworx=true|false (BETA - default=false)
CSIMigrationRBD=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CSINodeExpandSecret=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CSIVolumeHealth=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ComponentSLIs=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ContainerCheckpoint=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ContextualLogging=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CronJobTimeZone=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CustomCPUCFSQuotaPeriod=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CustomResourceValidationExpressions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
DisableCloudProviders=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
DisableKubeletCloudCredentialProviders=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
DownwardAPIHugePages=true|false (BETA - default=true)
DynamicResourceAllocation=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
EventedPLEG=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ExpandedDNSConfig=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA - default=false)
GRPCContainerProbe=true|false (BETA - default=true)
GracefulNodeShutdown=true|false (BETA - default=true)
GracefulNodeShutdownBasedOnPodPriority=true|false (BETA - default=true)
HPAContainerMetrics=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
HPAScaleToZero=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
HonorPVReclaimPolicy=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
IPTablesOwnershipCleanup=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginAWSUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginAzureDiskUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginAzureFileUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginGCEUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginOpenStackUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginPortworxUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginRBDUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginvSphereUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
JobMutableNodeSchedulingDirectives=true|false (BETA - default=true)
JobPodFailurePolicy=true|false (BETA - default=true)
JobReadyPods=true|false (BETA - default=true)
KMSv2=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
KubeletInUserNamespace=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
KubeletPodResources=true|false (BETA - default=true)
KubeletPodResourcesGetAllocatable=true|false (BETA - default=true)
KubeletTracing=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LegacyServiceAccountTokenTracking=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolationFSQuotaMonitoring=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LogarithmicScaleDown=true|false (BETA - default=true)
LoggingAlphaOptions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LoggingBetaOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
MatchLabelKeysInPodTopologySpread=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
MaxUnavailableStatefulSet=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
MemoryManager=true|false (BETA - default=true)
MemoryQoS=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
MinDomainsInPodTopologySpread=true|false (BETA - default=false)
MinimizeIPTablesRestore=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
MultiCIDRRangeAllocator=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
NetworkPolicyStatus=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
NodeInclusionPolicyInPodTopologySpread=true|false (BETA - default=true)
NodeOutOfServiceVolumeDetach=true|false (BETA - default=true)
NodeSwap=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
OpenAPIEnums=true|false (BETA - default=true)
OpenAPIV3=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PDBUnhealthyPodEvictionPolicy=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
PodAndContainerStatsFromCRI=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
PodDeletionCost=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PodDisruptionConditions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PodHasNetworkCondition=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
PodSchedulingReadiness=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ProbeTerminationGracePeriod=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ProcMountType=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ProxyTerminatingEndpoints=true|false (BETA - default=true)
QOSReserved=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ReadWriteOncePod=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
RemainingItemCount=true|false (BETA - default=true)
RetroactiveDefaultStorageClass=true|false (BETA - default=true)
RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true|false (BETA - default=true)
SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
SeccompDefault=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ServerSideFieldValidation=true|false (BETA - default=true)
SizeMemoryBackedVolumes=true|false (BETA - default=true)
StatefulSetAutoDeletePVC=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
StatefulSetStartOrdinal=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
StorageVersionAPI=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
StorageVersionHash=true|false (BETA - default=true)
TopologyAwareHints=true|false (BETA - default=true)
TopologyManager=true|false (BETA - default=true)
TopologyManagerPolicyAlphaOptions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
TopologyManagerPolicyBetaOptions=true|false (BETA - default=false)
TopologyManagerPolicyOptions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
UserNamespacesStatelessPodsSupport=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ValidatingAdmissionPolicy=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
VolumeCapacityPriority=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
WinDSR=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
WinOverlay=true|false (BETA - default=true)
WindowsHostNetwork=true|false (ALPHA - default=true)

.PP
\fB--healthz-bind-address\fP=0.0.0.0:10256
	The IP address with port for the health check server to serve on (set to '0.0.0.0:10256'  for all IPv4 interfaces and '[::]:10256' for all IPv6 interfaces). Set empty to disable. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified by --config.

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP=false
	help for zero-controller-manager

.PP
\fB--kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to kubeconfig file with authorization and master location information.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect\fP=true
	Start a leader election client and gain leadership before executing the main loop. Enable this when running replicated components for high availability.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-lease-duration\fP=15s
	The duration that non-leader candidates will wait after observing a leadership renewal until attempting to acquire leadership of a led but unrenewed leader slot. This is effectively the maximum duration that a leader can be stopped before it is replaced by another candidate. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-renew-deadline\fP=10s
	The interval between attempts by the acting master to renew a leadership slot before it stops leading. This must be less than the lease duration. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-resource-lock\fP="leases"
	The type of resource object that is used for locking during leader election. Supported options are 'leases', 'endpointsleases' and 'configmapsleases'.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-resource-name\fP="zero-controller-manager"
	The name of resource object that is used for locking during leader election.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-resource-namespace\fP="kube-system"
	The namespace of resource object that is used for locking during leader election.

.PP
\fB--leader-elect-retry-period\fP=2s
	The duration the clients should wait between attempting acquisition and renewal of a leadership. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB--log-flush-frequency\fP=5s
	Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB--logging-format\fP="text"
	Sets the log format. Permitted formats: "text".

.PP
\fB--master\fP=""
	The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig).

.PP
\fB--metrics-bind-address\fP=127.0.0.1:10249
	The IP address with port for the metrics server to serve on (set to '0.0.0.0:10249' for all IPv4 interfaces and '[::]:10249' for all IPv6 interfaces). Set empty to disable. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified by --config.

.PP
\fB--mysql-database\fP=""
	Database name for the server to use.

.PP
\fB--mysql-host\fP="127.0.0.1:3306"
	MySQL service host address. If left blank, the following related mysql options will be ignored.

.PP
\fB--mysql-max-connection-life-time\fP=10s
	Maximum connection life time allowed to connect to mysql.

.PP
\fB--mysql-max-idle-connections\fP=100
	Maximum idle connections allowed to connect to mysql.

.PP
\fB--mysql-max-open-connections\fP=100
	Maximum open connections allowed to connect to mysql.

.PP
\fB--mysql-password\fP=""
	Password for access to mysql, should be used pair with password.

.PP
\fB--mysql-username\fP=""
	Username for access to mysql service.

.PP
\fB--namespace\fP=""
	Namespace that the controller watches to reconcile zero-apiserver objects. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified by --config.

.PP
\fB--node-image\fP="ccr.ccs.tencentyun.com/superproj/zero-toyblc-amd64:v0.0.1"
	The blockchain node image used by default.This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified by --config.

.PP
\fB--parallelism\fP=16
	The amount of parallelism to process. Must be greater than 0. Defaults to 16.This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified by --config.

.PP
\fB--sync-period\fP=10h0m0s
	The minimum interval at which watched resources are reconciled.This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified by --config.

.PP
\fB-v\fP, \fB--v\fP=0
	number for the log level verbosity

.PP
\fB--version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB--vmodule\fP=
	comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging (only works for text log format)

.PP
\fB--watch-filter-value\fP=""
	The label value used to filter events prior to reconciliation.This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified by --config.

.PP
\fB--write-config-to\fP=""
	If set, write the default configuration values to this file and exit.


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the superproj source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
